Final import syntax for import with explicit format (#2070)
tweag/nickel: doc/manual/syntax.md

## Imports

A Nickel program can import other Nickel files using the `import` keyword: `let
lib = import "lib.ncl" in lib.base64_encode [01, 02, 03]`. Nickel can import
other Nickel files, but also JSON, TOML, YAML, or raw text.

There is special keyword `import`, which can be followed by either a string
literal or an enum tag and a string literal.

This causes Nickel to read, evaluate and return the specified file.

The file is searched in directories specified by `NICKEL_IMPORT_PATH`
environment variable or similar command line option, with default being the
current directory.

One-argument import, like `import "myfile.ncl"`, uses filename extension to

> determine the file format. Nickel embeds a short list of known filename
> extensions: `ncl`, `json`, `yml`, `yaml`, `toml`, `txt` and `nix` with a
> fallback to a Nickel file if there is no extension or the extension is unknown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
determine the file format. Nickel automatically recognizes the extensions
`ncl`, `json`, `yml`, `yaml`, `toml` and `txt`. When compiled with experimental Nix
support, it also recognizes `nix`. If the file's extension is not recognized, it
will default to Nickel format.
```
